hey so I'm here in Las Vegas now I could
be down poolside at the palms right I
was there the other day hanging out
chillin I came up to talk to you because
I've got some important stuff actually
chad dawson is going to be fighting
antonio tarver tomorrow night and it's
on showtime and this is kind of going to
be a great fight it's a long time coming
chad dawson was the light heavyweight
champ WBC light heavyweight champ he
actually gave his belt up so that he
could fight antonio tarver because he
was supposed to have this mandatory
fight against Adrian diaconu and and
chanson you know what I want the big
money fight instead and he and Tarver a
bit sort of heading toward each other
for a long time so Chad vacated his belt
and now he's gonna be fighting antonino
Tarver for the IBO and the IBF light
heavyweight belt so it's going to be an
exciting fight now a leading up to this
there's been a lot of trash talk until
your Tarver's kind of a professional
smack talker and usually chad is very
low key and doesn't get involved in this
stuff but it's been heating up and
heating up and heating up and they've
actually gotten under chad skin a little
bit so we're at the way and you know at
some of the press conferences before
there was a lot of talk at the way and
there was just a little bit of something
so i'm going to show you some of that
chad actually was one instigating it a
little bit at the weigh-in but they're
being pretty respectful but it's gonna
be an interesting fight Chad's only 26
he's a young guy he thinks that it's his
time now to take over the division
whereas antonio tarver feels like he's
older he's 39 he's almost 40 years old
he thinks that maybe this is his last
chance so he's really trying to hang on
to what he has created in the light
heavyweight division so it's gonna be a
good fight when you check it out
jump up my pleasure to introduce to you
at this time a gentleman who is
undefeated in his career 26 wins no
losses one no contest with 17 and
knockouts from New Haven Connecticut his
man who defended his title three times
please welcome a former WBC heavyweight
champion of the world
throw
and now ladies and gentlemen we
introduce his opponent with a record of
27 wins and 4 losses he has 19 knockouts
to his credit rating how Tamra florida
he is former WEC world champion and the
current and defending IBF and IBO light
heavyweight champion of the world known
as the Magic Man I'm Tony old
once you get leaders and Jonathan
momentarily breed of our fighters square
off for a brief photo opportunity once
again this will be brief and there they
are ladies and gentlemen it's the main
event of the evening the IDF and IBO
light heavyweight championship of the
world of Tony October bad Chad Dawson
magic show is over number one number one
I bet